chore: adding bridge spec (#1)
defi-wonderland/specs: specs/protocol/rollback-inboxes.md

# Rollback Inboxes

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Message Hash Reception](#message-hash-reception)
- [Upgradability](#upgradability)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## Overview

> The rollback inbox contracts are responsible for storing the hashes of messages that failed on the other domain. They are built with the purpose of allowing contracts on the same domain to have the capability of handling what actions to perform when one of the messages they sent failed on the other domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rollback inbox contracts are responsible for storing the hashes of messages that failed on the other domain. They are built with the purpose of allowing contracts on the same domain to have the capability of handling what actions to perform when a message failed on the other domain and was rolled-back to it's origin domain.
```
